What do you wish you had done differently in your design/implementation? Did you learn any lessons
from the code given to you, or the updates you had to make for your customers?
    In this experience, I think the design of our previous code is very good, because in the process
of applying the adapter pattern, we did not change any part about functionality. I also think this
assignment allowed us to see the benefits of a lot of the design patterns we had been using. Since
we used Features to fully decouple the controller from our view, this made for easy adapting. All
we had to do was use adapters to make sure that our provider's view honored our Iview interface,
since our controller has just stores some type of Iview for our view. A lot of design principels
like preferring interface types to concrete classes and making sure to be able to have Liskov
substitution (a subclass wherever the superclass / interface can go) we were able to use to our
favor so that our code was more flexible and extensible. This is a benefit that we would not really
have gotten to see until this assignment, since it forced us to get familiar with and integrate code
from an unfamiliar codebase. A lot of the design patterns seemed to click, like minimizing access,
favoring composition over inheritance, and others. When we were going about creating adapters,
we had already made our model interface's concrete implementation final, so it catered towards
using composition over inheritance and having the adapter implement their model interface
and then use a concrete implementation of our model as an adaptee / delegate.

I think the most important lesson I learned from this experience is that when programming, especially
when designing programs, don’t just think about making parts run successfully in your own code, but
also consider more general situations. . For example, in the provider's strategy, they use (0, 0, 0)
as a form of expression without valid move. This point may not exist in their coordinate system, but
when I convert this point into my own coordinate, it is indeed a valid point, so in order to figure
out why this error occurred, I spent at least two hours. This is just a small error and the provider
may not be aware of it, but when I use this code actually caused me some trouble when I came across it.
Therefore, in the future of my programming career, I think I will consider my design in a more general way.

What was your experience like with your providers?
    Well, the experience with the providers is pretty great, they always reply to my questions on time,and
will explain why their design is look like this way. meanwhile, when i was confused about their coordinate
system, they do helped me to understand it. It was cool to be able to practice professionalism and
communicating with partners that we did not know as well. When we are in co-op environments, there
will defiantly be lots of unfamiliar code and deadlines that will need to be met, so this good
to practice and gain some experience.